#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.7
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile pyproject.toml
#
--extra-index-url https://pypi.ngc.nvidia.com
--trusted-host pypi.ngc.nvidia.com

asn1crypto==1.5.1
    # via
    #   oscrypto
    #   snowflake-connector-python
azure-core==1.26.3
    # via azure-storage-blob
azure-storage-blob==12.15.0
    # via datacx (pyproject.toml)
boto3==1.26.94
    # via datacx (pyproject.toml)
botocore==1.29.94
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
cachetools==5.3.0
    # via google-auth
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   cryptography
    #   snowflake-connector-python
charset-normalizer==2.1.1
    # via
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
connectorx==0.3.1
    # via datacx (pyproject.toml)
cryptography==39.0.2
    # via
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   pyopenssl
    #   snowflake-connector-python
filelock==3.10.0
    # via snowflake-connector-python
google-api-core==2.11.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-auth==2.16.2
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-core==2.3.2
    # via google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-storage==2.7.0
    # via datacx (pyproject.toml)
google-crc32c==1.5.0
    # via google-resumable-media
google-resumable-media==2.4.1
    # via google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos==1.58.0
    # via google-api-core
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
importlib-metadata==6.1.0
    # via snowflake-connector-python
isodate==0.6.1
    # via azure-storage-blob
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
numpy==1.21.6
    # via pandas
oscrypto==1.3.0
    # via snowflake-connector-python
packaging==23.0
    # via snowflake-connector-python
pandas==1.3.5
    # via datacx (pyproject.toml)
protobuf==4.22.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pycryptodomex==3.17
    # via snowflake-connector-python
pyjwt==2.6.0
    # via snowflake-connector-python
pyopenssl==23.0.0
    # via snowflake-connector-python
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   pandas
pytz==2022.7.1
    # via
    #   pandas
    #   snowflake-connector-python
pyyaml==6.0
    # via datacx (pyproject.toml)
requests==2.28.2
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   snowflake-connector-python
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
s3transfer==0.6.0
    # via boto3
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   google-auth
    #   isodate
    #   python-dateutil
snowflake-connector-python==3.0.1
    # via datacx (pyproject.toml)
tomli==2.0.1 ; python_version < "3.11"
    # via datacx (pyproject.toml)
typing-extensions==4.5.0
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   azure-storage-blob
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   snowflake-connector-python
urllib3==1.26.15
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   requests
    #   snowflake-connector-python
zipp==3.15.0
    # via importlib-metadata
